hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
Amazon partnered with me for a second
gift guide this one's for smart home
tech so if you know someone who's
interested in smart homes because they
moved into a new house or a new
apartment or if they just want to bring
technology into their home
this video is for you I actually
recently moved into a new home and I had
to do a little bit of research to figure
out what I wanted what I didn't want and
these are my top picks I thought I'd
share them with you the most important
thing of a smart home is seriously the
Wi-Fi backbone because we don't have
good Wi-Fi none of the smart home stuff
is gonna work well and the one I went
with was the ear Oh mesh Wi-Fi it comes
with one euro hub which connects to your
modem and a couple of beacons which you
place around the house now good Wi-Fi is
super important because if you have
devices that drop connection once in a
while your smart home experience is
going to be so much worse I highly
recommend getting a mesh system you can
go with the router but the thing is when
you have bigger spaces with multiple
floors
you just want Wi-Fi that blankets
everything with strong solid connections
so I highly recommend a mesh system I've
used a lot of mesh Wi-Fi systems the one
from Google a SUSE d-link my personal
favorite is seriously the ear oh there's
the reason why this thing has four and a
half stars on Amazon it's just super
simple to set up really great software
and this is the other bonus these
devices at least the second-generation
one doesn't have a power cable if that
needs to connect to this thing it plugs
up right into the wall and it even has a
nightlight feature that you can control
within the app okay next up is the
outdoor smart camp from nest and I've
actually purchased quite a few smart
cams from nest over the years their
hardware is always good very well built
and reliable I still use one of the
original dropcam's from 2010 and it
still works perfectly this one here is
meant for outdoor use so it's waterproof
and includes all the hardware that you
would need to kind of install it
wherever you want it to be and it makes
a great gift for someone who wants to
keep an eye on things when they're not
at home and because it has a mic you can
interact with the people that appear on
the camera so if a delivery man shows up
and you want to tell him something you
can through the mic okay so the next
gift idea is a little bit bigger but
it's actually one of my favorite pieces
of tech I have right now it's an air
purifier it's called the Dyson pur hot
and cool link and it can be a fan to
cool you down or a heater when you want
it to be and the whole time it's an air
purifier that uses a HEPA filter
it has remote so you can adjust things
like air speed the angle of the air the
oscillation and things like that but
there's also an app which gives you
control of all of this and within the
app you can see the current air quality
of the room it's a really advanced air
purifier but it's a great gift for some
who wants better air circulation or
better air quality okay next we have the
Philips hue white and color ambience
starter kit now this is a kit that comes
with four bulbs and one hub and if all
the smart lights i've used this is the
thing that's most connected basically
any big-name home automation service can
connect to this thing the lights are
your standard bulb shapes that will fit
into your standard sockets and it has
great software you can use it to change
the ambient colors of rooms and stuff or
you can use the app to turn your lights
on and off remotely for a little bit of
home security
and because this thing has such a good
integration with so many home automation
services if you want to you could
technically make all the lights in your
house operated by voice which is really
cool okay I've linked all of these items
below if you're interested in purchasing
them hope you enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subsea
see you guys next time
[Music]